[Android][libs] Enable Internal.Console.Write in System.Private.CoreLib (#63949)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/debugging/libraries/debugging-corelib.md

Debugging System.Private.CoreLib
==========================

> `System.Console.Write`/`System.Console.WriteLine` cannot be used in `System.Private.CoreLib`. Instead, use `Internal.Console.Write` to log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`System.Console.Write`/`System.Console.WriteLine` cannot be used in `System.Private.CoreLib`. Instead, use `Internal.Console.Write` to add temporary logging for printf-style debugging.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
